# CS306-Hospital-DBMS

   Almost all around the world, the healthcare systems have certain points to improve. Especially during the pandemic, it has been understood that healthcare systems need a more structured organization. Insufficiencies in terms of the capacity of the hospitals, the number of healthcare professionals, medical equipment and medicines cause setbacks in patients’ treatment. Considering these points, this database application models the relationships between all the entities regarding the healthcare system. 
   
   This database application stores data about the major components of a healthcare system such as hospitals, doctors, patients, medicines etc. Therefore, by storing such data and relating them on a meaningful basis, it greatly facilitates the healthcare system as it will be more efficient to assign medical staff and import medicines along with medical equipment to hospitals in need. Moreover, by utilizing this database application, hospitals may increase their patient capacity beforehand as they will have access to the number of patients. In order to construct such a database application, it is vital to first understand the healthcare system itself.

  First of all, given that the healthcare system mostly depends on hospitals, they need to be sufficient in order to meet the needs of the patients. Also, there are lots of workers in hospitals such as nurses, doctors and other staff. This means that there will be a relationship between workers, the hospital and patients. For the treatment of a patient, an appointment from the health office has to be taken. 
  
  Doctors and nurses are responsible for the proper treatment of the patient and they may require certain types of medical equipment and medicines for this process. After the appointment, the doctor may give a receipt to the patient for further medication and at-home treatment. Finally, necessary information about the patient, such as their payment, treatment and receipt are written in their medical record. 
